# Module 01: Basic MATLAB Programming

**Last updated:** 2021-08-07

## Table of Contents
- [Q1: What's the difference between \[\] and ()?](#Q1)
- [Q2: Rem Function and Type Casting](#Q2)

### Q1: What's the difference between [] and ()? <a name="Q1"></a> 
**Question:** I was wondering if there were any "easy" ways to remember when you should use () brackets vs when you should use [] brackets.  If there are any additional resources or tips that you can provide, that would be greatly appreciated!

**Answer**: The best way is to make your own note. You do not need to memorize its usage because you can simply revisit your note or lecture slides during your quizzes. Once you make a summary note, you will solve tutorial problems using this note without looking at the individual solutions. 

It's okay to not get the correct answer even if you study them. You should repeat this process so that you get used to their usage. Programming is not a math or science. You can think of learning sports: once you know the principle of how to do it, you need to do practice and learn by trial and error.

You can check out this webpage under ‘special characters’ for more information about the different types of brackets: [MathWorks: MATLAB Operators and Special Characters] (https://www.mathworks.com/help/matlab/matlab_prog/matlab-operators-and-special-characters.html?s_tid=doc_ta) 

### Q2: Rem Function and Type Casting <a name="Q2"></a> 
**Question:** For rem Function, I started by dividing the variable by each integer, and I know that it wants a whole number as a solution, but I’m not sure how to ensure it’s a whole number and also how to convert that to a logical operator?

**Answer**: When you use the rem function first, some of your variables may have a non-zero remainder and others may have a zero remainder. You can then typecast these variables into logical type which will get you to "false" for equally divisible variables (zero remainder will become false  in logical type) and "true" for non-equally divisible variables (non-zero remainder will become true in logical type). 

For example,

```matlab
is_odd = logical(rem(4,2)); % false
is_odd = logical(rem(5,2)); % true 
```