# Quiz #2

## General Description
Quiz #2 is to evaluate your understanding of key concepts covered in **Module 1 ~ Module 4**. This is an individual in-person exam at CPH-1346 and TBD. You must solve all problems on your own and **must not discuss them with other people**. We will make an announcement through the front screen at CPH-1346 and TBD. You can ask questions anytime to TA proctors or instructor. During the quiz, you can only access (1) Course website (Github), (2) MATLAB Grader, (3) MATLAB program in your computer, (4) Lecture slides (pdf), (5) MATLAB files that you have created while you study this course, (6) LEARN, and (7) Digital/offline notes that you have made your own. Note that your digital or offline note (in pdf or word) contains only texts that you made and should not be a form of drag/drop website or tutorial YouTube contents. You never use searching websites like Google to search for information.  **Your internet browser must only be used to access the course website, LEARN, and MATLAB Grader.** You **cannot** watch lecture or tutorial videos during the quiz.

Before starting the quiz, you need to copy and paste all files in **a Desktop folder**. If you choose to use one of the desktop computers in the lab, you can save your files in a USB drive and copy them in the computer or can download the files from your cloud drive **BEFORE** starting the quiz. **Make sure that you must turn off all messenger programs or background cloud sync programs.** **You can also choose to use your own personal laptop, instead of one of the lab's desktops, while writing this quiz.** You cannot use any shared folder (e.g., cloud drive) during the quiz. Accessing different folders other than the Desktop folder might be considered as cheating.

## Quiz Schedule
**Feb 17** at 1:35 ~ 3:35 pm (EST). **If you want to copy and paste your files to one of the lab's Desktop computers, please come to the lab (CPH-1346 and TBD) early.** 

## Submission & Grading
For Quiz 2, you must solve all questions within **120 minutes**. Note that if your solution is submitted after the designated due time, it will not be graded. Please submit your solutions on time. You can access and solve the problems in any order. As promised, the number of stars to identify the difficulty of the problems will be provided to help students time management. You can submit your answer **only three times**. Once you make the third submission of your solution for each problem, you can still view the problem but the “submit” button is inactive (meaning that you cannot re-submit a problem that you already submitted three times). **We will only grade your third submission if you submit your solution three times.** Great care should be taken before you submit your solution. Thus, it is highly recommended that you run and check your solution in the MATLAB program installed on your computer. Remember that we will **manually** grade your script at the end and review your programming logic. Thus, although you pass the testers on the grader, you will get zero if your programming logic is not correct. 

A set of assessments (or tests) in the MATLAB Grader is designed in each problem for “preliminary” auto-grading but your solutions will be manually re-graded to provide partial marks. Please do not be discouraged when you see that you have not passed all your tests. You need to include a **concise comment** in your scripts using ‘%’ (comment symbol) to obtain better partial marks. If the programming logic is correct based on the judgment on your comments, higher partial marks will be obtained. You can use any MATLAB built-in function at your own risk unless otherwise noted. However, if you misuse or misapply built-in functions that have not been covered in lectures or tutorials, you will not get partial marks for using them. Please do not use a built-in functions that we have not covered in our course if you are unsure of its applications. The maximum score that you can get is 100. The score will contribute to the final grade with the corresponding weights outlined in the course website. 

Note that when you move to a different question without submitting your script on MATLAB Grader, the code will not be available when you reopen the previous question. Please do not work your script on MATLAB Grader. Instead, **please use the MATLAB Editor** to code your answers and save them in your computer. 

## Technical interruption
If you experience any technical interruption during a quiz (e.g., disconnect or unstable internet, computer malfunction), you have to inform the instructor as soon as possible. You will continue your quiz on a different computer and the instructor will provide extra time to compensate your interruption. 

When you change your computer, you can only transfer the files on Desktop and cannot download them from your cloud drive. Our teaching team will prepare for a USB drive to transfer your files to a new computer. 

**Good luck!**
